one of the most important parts in any
Facebook ad is to copy your ad image
might grab your audience's attention but
it's your copy that's going to convince
them to take action and become a
customer of yours in this video I'm
going to quickly explain its 7 copy
writing techniques that will help you
generate more leads and sales from your
Facebook Ads keep watching tip 1 is to
write with one person in mind if your ad
is trying to appeal to everyone then
it'll end up appealing to no one it's
best to write your ad copy with a single
individual in mind
imagine that you're talking to your
absolute ideal customer and keep that
person in mind as you write your ad copy
tip 2 is to keep it simple your audience
should be able to work out what your ad
is for within seconds of seeing it try
to avoid long words because they can
come across as condescending and
complicated sentence structures can make
your ad copy difficult to understand
your ad copy should be easy to read and
conversational tip 3 is to use one call
to action I've seen a lot of ads that
are asking people to do two or three
things when really the advertiser
probably wants people to take one very
specific action don't tell people to
check out your blog or follow you on
twitter if what you really want is leads
and sales instead tell them to buy your
products and inquire about your services
tip 4 is to tell a story why should
people buy your products and services if
there's a short story behind why your
company was created or how you
discovered the need for your products
and services then tell it stories add a
personal touch to your ads and they make
your ads much more memorable tip 5 is to
include price or discount information if
it's relevant to offer then make sure
you include price or discount
information everyone loves a bargain and
if your products are particularly price
competitive then make sure you show that
up front tip 6 is to be consistent you
want people to recognize that your ads
are from your business so you want to be
consistent with the tone of your ad copy
it's best to consistently be fun and
playful or serious and informative with
your ad copy and finally tip number 7 is
to use scarcity any words that instill a
sense of urgency will get your target
market to respond including things like
hurry now today only for a limited time
makes a massive difference I'm always
surprised at how much of an effects
scarcity has on the performance of a
Facebook ad campaign and then the old
products or services are scarce you
probably have limited stocks or a
limited amount of time to fulfill
ourselves so make sure you tell your
audience that in your ads and I'll talk
to you soon guys bye bye